docs: improve & clean documentation (#27)
lukso-network/lsp-bridge-HypLSP7: docs/README.md

        LSP7 -->|transfer + lock 🔒| HypLSP7Collateral
    end
        HypLSP7Collateral .->|bridging| HypERC20
    subgraph Destination_Chain_Ethereum[Ethereum]
        HypERC20 -->|mint ⛏️| End_User
        End_User[User 👤]
    end
```

### Scenario 4: HypLSP7 on LUKSO (wUSDC) -> ERC20 on Ethereum

> An ERC20 token was bridged from Ethereum to LUKSO and we want to bridge back to Ethereum (_e.g.: wrapped DAI as HypLSP7_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ERC20` token was bridged from Ethereum to LUKSO and we want to bridge back to Ethereum (_e.g.: wrapped DAI as `HypLSP7`_).
```

> ## Detailed Architecture Diagrams

Reviewer: Since we removed the architecture diagram, let's rename this title

```suggestion
## Bridge transactions flow (detailed)
```

### Ethereum -> LUKSO

> > **Note:** This detailed diagram corresponds to the [**scenario 1**](#ethereum---lukso) above. Where an ERC20 token that initially exists on Ethereum (_e.g.: DAI, USDC, etc._) is bridged to LUKSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The detailed transaction flow below corresponds to the [**scenario 1**](#ethereum---lukso) above. Where an ERC20 token that initially exists on Ethereum (_e.g.: DAI, USDC, etc._) is bridged to LUKSO.
```

**On Ethereum chain**

1. User approves `HypERC20Collateral` contract to spend a certain amount of ERC20 tokens.
    ```solidity
    HypERC20.approve(address spender, uint256 amount)
    ```
2. User calls `transferRemote(...)` on `HypERC20Collateral` to pass the message via the `Mailbox`, locking the tokens in the collateral contract.
    ```solidity
    transferRemote(
        uint32 destination, // chain ID
        address recipient,
        uint256 amount
    )
    ```
3. Internally, `__Router_dispatch(...)` and `mailbox.dispatch(...)` are called in `HypERC20Collateral` to dispatch the message to the Mailbox.
4. The `Mailbox` calls the default Hook (created by Hyperlane) to handle the dispatched message.

**Off-chain**

> 5. Validator (run by Hyperlane & LUKSO team) signs the Merkle root when new dispatches happen in Mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Hyperlane validators listen for `InsertedIntoTree` events on the `MerkleTreeHook` contract on Ethereum, sign them and store them in the storage location they announced (on the `ValidatorAnnounce` contract on Ethereum).
```

> 6. Hyperlane relayer (run by Hyperlane team) relays the message by calling `Mailbox.process(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Hyperlane relayer get the storage location announced by the validator, retrieves the messages to be processed from there, and relays each message to the destination chain by calling `Mailbox.process(...)` on LUKSO.
```

**On LUKSO chain**

7. When [`Mailbox.process(...)`](https://github.com/hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-monorepo/blob/3d116132b87d36af9576d6b116f31a53d680db4a/solidity/contracts/Mailbox.sol#L188-L197) is called, it:
   - 7.1. checks with Multisig ISM whether the message is signed by validators.
   - 7.2. If so, it mints [HypLSP7](./src/HypLSP7.sol) tokens to the receiver.

### LUKSO -> Ethereum

> > **Note:** This detailed diagram corresponds to the [**scenario 4**](#lukso---ethereum) above. Where an ERC20 token was bridged from Ethereum to LUKSO and we want to bridge back to Ethereum (_e.g.: wrapped DAI as HypLSP7_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The detailed transaction flow below corresponds to the [**scenario 4**](#lukso---ethereum) above. Where an ERC20 token was bridged from Ethereum to LUKSO and we want to bridge back to Ethereum (_e.g.: wrapped DAI as HypLSP7_).
```

**On LUKSO chain**

> 1. User approves `HypLSP7` contract to burn the specified amount of tokens.

Reviewer: This step should be removed. When bridging back, there is no `approve(...)` transaction. Tokens are burnt straight away when calling `transferRemote(...)` on the `HypLSP7` token contract.

    ```solidity
    HypLSP7.approve(address spender, uint256 amount)
    ```
2. User calls `transferRemote(...)` on `HypLSP7` to pass the message via the `Mailbox`, burning the tokens in the process.
    ```solidity
    transferRemote(
        uint32 destination, // chain ID
        address recipient,
        uint256 amount
    )
    ```
3. Internally, `__Router_dispatch(...)` and `mailbox.dispatch(...)` are called in `HypLSP7` to dispatch the message to the Mailbox.
4. The `Mailbox` calls the default Hook (created by Hyperlane) to handle the dispatched message.

**Off-chain**

> 5. Validator signs the Merkle root when new dispatches happen in Mailbox.

Reviewer: Again same as above. To be corrected.

```suggestion
5. Validator listen for `InsertedIntoTree` events in the `MerkleTreeHook` contract, sign new messages when new dispatches happen in Mailbox.
```

6. Hyperlane relayer relays the message by calling `Mailbox.process(...)`.

**On Ethereum chain**

7. When [`Mailbox.process(...)`](https://github.com/hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-monorepo/blob/main/solidity/contracts/Mailbox.sol#L153) is called, it:
   - 7.1. checks with Multisig ISM whether the message is signed by validators.

>    - 7.2. If so, it unlocks the corresponding amount of ERC20 tokens to the recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - 7.2. If so, it unlocks the corresponding amount of ERC20 tokens from the `HypERC20Collateral` to the recipient.
```
